[horn blares]
-♪ Chico ♪
-♪ Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
-♪ Chico Bon Bon, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon Bon ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
♪ Monkey, monkey
A monkey with a tool belt ♪
I saw a m-- m-- monkey!
Tool belt!
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
♪ Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon
Chico, Chico, Chico Bon Bon ♪
Monkey with a tool belt.
Chico Bon Bon and the Doggy Dilemma.
[drum roll]
[Chico] Attention, everyone!
Check out our new couch!
Uh, Chico, isn't that our old couch?
It was our old couch, but now
it's a marvel of modern relaxation.
[chuckles] Watch this.
Couch, activate Clark mode.
Hey, is that a peanut cracker?
Mmm. This new couch is delicious!
Couch, activate Rainbow mode.
A secret skateboard compartment? Wicked!
Couch, activate Tiny and Chico modes,
please.
A tiny treadmill for Tiny
and an earwax cleaner for me.
Ah! Oh, that's it.
Yeah.
Now our plain old couch
is a multi-functional miracle.
Multi-what-tional?
Multi-functional.
Multi means many,
and functions are what something does.
Put them together
and you've got a multi-functional couch
that can do a lot of things.
Oh, boy, I'm learning things...
and eating peanuts?
Hey, I'm multi-functional too.
-[alarm sounds]
-[gasps] The banana phone!
[action music playing]
Chico Bon Bon!
You got a problem? We can solve ‘em!
Chico!
[gasps] It's Elkin John!
I've got a problem. A big one!
I have to see you right now.
-Um...
-[horn honks]
[vehicle approaching]
Hello, gang!
Elkin, that was quick.
What's your big problem?
My piano's got a flat E-string
and it needs an oil change.
That's right. It's multi-functional, gang!
-It's a piano...
-[plays notes]
-...and a car.
-[honks horn]
-Wow!
-Awesome!
Listen,
while I'm getting my piano tuned up,
can you take care of Bernie?
Bernie? Who's Bernie?
[barks]
Aw, he's so cute!
But, Elkin, watching a dog, that's not
normally the type of problem we solve.
Oh, but I also need you to figure out
what's wrong with Bernie's leash.
Whenever we go for walks, he always
wiggles loose and I can't figure out why.
A leash that needs a redesign?
Now that's a Fix-It Force challenge.
What do you say, gang,
up for a little doggy sitting?
Oh-ho! You're just
the cutest little doggy ever.
-Look at that little nose.
-You're so cute!
[chuckles] I think that's a "yes."
Thanks, Chico.
Be back this afternoon!
Bye, Bernie! Kisses!
Come on, Fix-It Force.
Let's gear up and go!
For a walk.
[kids] Chico Bon Bon!
Rainbow Thunder!
Clark!
Tiny!
Bernie!
-Well, he looks happy enough.
-[panting]
And it looks like the leash fits well.
Not too tight, not too loose.
And you're so cute.
Then let's go for a test walk.
Maybe the leash fits fine when he's still,
but not while he walks.
Uh... where's Bernie?
-[barking]
-[Chico] Oh, bananas!
Fix-It Force, follow that dog!
I'm Neil Ostrich, your beak on the street,
reporting live
from the Museum of Really Fragile Things,
full of treasures that are as breakable
as they are beautiful,
like this little gem.
-[barking]
-Whoa!
-[Chico] Sorry, Neil!
[Chico] Nice egg!
[barks]
[pants] Spread out.
We have to find Bernie.
-[barking]
-[grunts]
Oh, whoopsie!
[barks]
[video game music playing]
-[Rainbow Thunder] Not cool, Bernie!
-[barking]
Whoa!
Tiny, stop this wrecking ball!
Hey!
Mr. Dunderhead, there's a dog loose
in your construction site.
Uh, I think I'd know
if there was a dog loose in my site.
[barks]
Come back, Bernie!
A dog in my construction site?
What's next, an ice cream-eating alien?
Oh, where could Bernie be?
[barks]
-Oh, Bernie!
-Come here, you little cutie!
[burps]
Oh! He must have been thirsty.
Elkin wasn't kidding. You are good
at wiggling out of this leash.
Do you think it's the leash's length?
Maybe it's too short and it's pulling
just enough to let Bernie wiggle out?
A longer leash, huh? Well, worth a shot.
Let me just grab some rope
out of my tool belt.
There. How does that feel, Bernie?
Oh, peanuts. He escaped!
-[Clark] Again!
-[barking]
And if you like this sparkly baby,
you'll love this red ruby beauty!
-And you'll-- Whoa!
-[barking]
Hey! Ah!
My eggs have been poached!
-Whoops!
-Yeah! Whoa!
No sign of Bernie.
It's time to use some tech. Clark?
On it.
Checking the doggy detector.
He's down here.
Uh... around the corner.
Uh, hey, he's in there!
[Rainbow Thunder] A doggy day spa?
[whimpers]
-There you are.
-Oh, you had us worried, Bernie.
[barks]
Guess he wanted a doggy massage.
[chuckles]
What is the matter with this leash?
Maybe the leash's material
is too slippery,
and that's why Bernie
can wiggle out of it?
Try a different material. Great idea.
I have some
non-slip string in here somewhere.
Here it is.
Okay, Bernie, let's try this--
We lost him again.
[barking]
[Rainbow Thunder] He took my skateboard?
Now it's personal.
And you'll be green with envy--
Ah! Whoa!
[howling]
There you are, Bernie.
And there you are, skateboard.
I'm never letting you
out of my sight again.
I guess Bernie really likes music,
especially smooth jazz.
[whining]
Hmm! How do we redesign this leash
so he can't escape?
Nothing's worked so far.
Don't worry, Chico.
We have lots of time to figure this out.
It's not like Elkin
is coming back for Bernie right now.
[phone rings]
Chico Bon Bon, monkey with a dog leash.
Chico, it's Elkin.
I'm coming back for Bernie right now!
-[gasps]
-See you at the tree house. Toodles!
This is serious, team!
We're out of time and haven't solved
how to keep Bernie on his leash!
And Elkin is going to beat us back
to our tree house and-- [gasps]
Good idea, Tiny.
[Chico] Okay, first Bernie wiggled out
because he was thirsty.
Then he wiggled out to get a massage.
And then he wiggled out
to listen to some smooth jazz.
Hmm… Well, maybe he wouldn't want
to wiggle out of his leash
if it did all the stuff he likes,
the way our new couch does--
[gasps]
Blazing bananas, that's it!
What Bernie needs isn't
a longer or less slippery leash.
He needs a multi-functional leash.
A leash that can do many things?
Pow pow meow!
I get it.
Just like our multi-functional couch
could do all the things we needed,
we'll make a leash that can do
all the things Bernie needs.
And we'll make it as cute as you are.
Exactly.
Fix-It Force, let's get to work.
[Chico] Done!
A bark-activated, multi-functional leash.
In need of something to drink,
just bark once.
[barks]
[Chico] That's not all.
Bark twice for a massage. [barks twice]
And three times for smooth jazz,
just the way you like it. [barks]
[smooth jazz music playing]
[barking]
[howls]
This leash is a multi-functional bonanza.
Moment of truth, let's go for a walk.
Whoa, look, he isn't trying
to wiggle out of his leash.
Success.
[all] Yeah!
[barks]
Uh... guys, there's Elkin.
He's gonna get to the tree house
before us.
Not if we can help it. Rainbow?
Everyone, hop on.
[action music playing]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah!
-Oh, no!
-[all] Sorry, Neil!
Whoa! Oh!
Yes!
[Clark] Whoa!
♪ I'm on my way ♪
[all] Ah!
♪ Almost there ♪
[all] Oh!
♪ Can't wait to see my baby ♪
[all] Whoa!
[grunts]
[Elkin] ♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Can't wait to see my dog ♪
Oh, there's my little Bernie baby.
And look how well
you're walking on your leash.
Wait a minute.
That's not your leash.
Chico, what did you do to Bernie's leash?
We engineered a new
bark-activated, multi-functional leash.
It can do a lot of things.
Go on. Show him, Bernie.
[barks]
[barks twice]
[barks three times]
[smooth jazz music playing]
[howls]
[panting]
With all of Bernie's needs covered,
he'll never want
to wiggle out of his leash again.
I'm impressed,
and if Bernie's happy, I'm happy.
All in a day's work.
And there's one more function
built in to Bernie's leash
that I think you'll both really like.
[howls]
A microphone! Brilliant.
Hit it, Bernie!
[barking]
♪ Bernie, Bernie is my pet now
Bernie, Bernie is my pet ♪
[Bernie howling in rhythm]